docs(contribution): add Feedback/Issues (#1338)
tendermint/starport: contributing.md

Thank you for your contribution!

> ## Feedback / Issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Providing feedback
```

Reviewer: @soniasingla (it's great to see you here, thanks for this PR!) let's follow the model of using active verbs for headings

Author: @barriebyron thanks for the great feedback, i have updated the PR, feel free to take a look! 🙌

> * Search through Google and [existing open and closed GitHub Issues](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues) for the answer first. If you find a relevant topic, please comment on the issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Before you open an issue, do a web search, and check for [existing open and closed GitHub Issues](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues) to see if your question has already been asked and answered. If you find a relevant topic, you can comment on that issue.
```

Reviewer: yay for this advice. Instead of using the product name Google, it's handy to just say "do a web search"

> * Before you open an issue, do a web search, and check for [existing open and closed GitHub Issues](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues) to see if your question has already been asked and answered. If you find a relevant topic, you can comment on that issue.

Reviewer 2: What about navigating users to the [Discussions ](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/discussions) page instead and only use issues for direct bug reports and feature requests?

So, basially, we can convert these three bullets in two, first one saying that "please open a discussion or comment to an existent one for your questions, feedbacks, ideas or use the Discord channel for quick responses."

Second, "please create issues from this link to report a bug or ask for a feature request."

Author: @ilgooz [Discussions](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/discussions) pages are great alternative but our large user-base/community is over Discord, it supports group voice channels if needed + Screen sharing available in groups!

Reviewer 3: We'll think about Discord vs alternatives later. Right now Discord has traction, so we're using that. If people will start using discussions (it's open for them now), we might reconsider.

> * If none of the issues are relevant, please add an issue to [GitHub issues](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues/new/choose). Do provide any relevant information, case study or informative links as suggested by the Pull Request template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* To provide feedback or ask a question, create a [GitHub issue](https://github.com/tendermint/starport/issues/new/choose). Be sure to provide the relevant information, case study, or informative links as suggested by the Pull Request template. 
```

Reviewer: @soniasingla I applaud your helpful tone, it's just right! Because we're friendly developers, we don't need "please", instead we follow the [Google developer documentation style guide](https://developers.google.com/style/tone#politeness-and-use-of-please).

> * If you have a quick question you might want to also ask on #🔨cosmos-sdk-starport channel in the Discord. We recommend using GitHub issues for issues and feedback, because GitHub issues are trackable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We recommend using GitHub issues for issues and feedback. However, you can ask quick questions on the [#🔨cosmos-sdk-starport](https://discord.com/channels/669268347736686612/737461683588431924) channel in Discord. 
```
